Correlation:
Monthly.Premium.Auto has strong positive correlation with Total.Claim.Amount
Income has negative correlation with Total.Claim.Amount
Customer.Lifetime.Value has positive correlation with Monthly.Premium.Auto
Other independent variables do not have much correlation with target variable Response

Customer Lifetime Value distribution is right skewed showing most of the customers have lowe lifetime value
Distribution of income shows significant portion of the policyholders have $0 income.
Monthly Premium distribution is also right skewed
Relationship Length does not have clear pattern of distribution
Most of the Customers do not have complaint but those having 2 open complaints have the lowest rate of positive response to renewal offer

Who are valuable customers for Safe Insurance? Based on CLTV or Claims measure? Does CLTV number include claims factor?

Check offer and the median claim amount

CLV in data has taken into account loss? or not?

2 potential target variables: CLV and Response

Profile of customer who are more likely to respond positively to renewal offer:
1. Policyholders of bigger vehicle has better response rate than smaller /  mid size vehicles although the population of bigger vehicle is smaller
2. Higher educated policyholders show better response rate than lower educated policyholders
3. Divorcee shows better response than Married / Single Policyholders
4. Offer 3 and 4 are not popular. But when comparing the median claim amount of policyholder population in each Offer type, Offer 1 and 2 have higher claims. 
This could mean we are attracting more policyholders with poorer claim records
5. Policy sold via agent has better response rate than other channels. Call center performs worst
6. Those who have 2 open complaints are the least likely to accept the renewal offer
7. Policyholders with more policies are more likely to respond positively to renewal offer
8. Retiree responds more positively to renewal offer but the population of retiree amoing policyholder is smallest

Model is only for renewal targetting.






